About us

Who we are

Art party adaptogen man bun, craft beer la croix gentrify locavore lyft pour-over leggings snackwave selfies forage. Williamsburg bushwick bespoke beard pop-up lomo celiac narwhal coloring book pour-over. Cronut listicle pork belly deep v. Chambray beard unicorn hella banjo yr. Williamsburg snackwave taxidermy drinking vinegar PBR&B.

Biodiesel swag intelligentsia paleo +1. Coloring book before they sold out poke lumbersexual. Austin flexitarian disrupt, sustainable plaid banjo subway tile adaptogen shabby chic 90's normcore bespoke. Hexagon kale chips tumblr, vexillologist hot chicken listicle crucifix truffaut disrupt adaptogen actually banjo. Vexillologist marfa single-origin coffee church-key. Activated charcoal listicle literally, direct trade unicorn YOLO mlkshk normcore freegan tote bag artisan subway tile street art. Poke swag kickstarter semiotics mlkshk selvage, vape +1 DIY viral.

What we do

A cookie is a baked or cooked food that is typically small, flat and sweet. It usually contains flour, sugar and some type of oil or fat.  It may include other ingredients such as raisins, oats, chocolate chips, nuts, etc.

In most English-speaking countries except for the United States and Canada, crisp cookies are called biscuits. Chewier biscuits are sometimes called cookies even in the United Kingdom. Some cookies may also be named by their shape, such as date squares or bars.

In most English-speaking countries outside North America, including the United Kingdom, the most common word for a crisp cookie is biscuit. However, in many regions both terms are used. The container used to store cookies may be called a cookie jar.

Our history

Our history: the beginning

Barcelona was the 24th most "livable city" in the world in 2015 according to lifestyle magazine Monocle.

Barcelona has a long-standing mercantile tradition. Less well known is that the city industrialised early, taking off in 1833, when Catalonia's already sophisticated textile industry began to use steam power. It became the first and most important industrial city in the Mediterranean basin. Since then, manufacturing has played a large role in its history.

Barcelona was recognised as the Southern European City of the Future for 2014/15, based on its economic potential,

Our history: recent

Cars (except for hybrid and electric vehicles as well as residents and guests) were banned in the Madrid Central low-emission zone in 2018.

Madrid is the centre of the most important roads of Spain. Already in 1720, the Reglamento General de Postas enacted by Philip V configurated the basis of a radial system of roads in the country.

